update docs nav with emails page (#2794)
webrecorder/browsertrix: frontend/docs/docs/develop/emails.md

```sh
cd emails
```
```sh

> npm run dev

Reviewer: We use yarn elsewhere (for frontend) - should we stick with yarn here for consistency?
Also, need an `yarn install` step on first run here.

Author: Oh you're right, I think this was a leftover from the react email starter template that I didn't swap out.

If you have previously deployed the Browsertrix backend, you'll need to make some changes to your `chart/local.yaml`:

1. Update your `chart/local.yaml` to include the new service:
  ```yaml hl_lines="3 8"
  # use version specified in values.yaml, uncomment to use :latest release instead
  backend_image: docker.io/webrecorder/browsertrix-backend:latest
  emails_image: docker.io/webrecorder/browsertrix-emails:latest
  frontend_image: docker.io/webrecorder/browsertrix-frontend:latest

  # overrides to use existing images in local Docker, otherwise will pull from repository
  backend_pull_policy: "Never"
  emails_pull_policy: "Never"
  frontend_pull_policy: "Never"
  ```

> 2. If you'd like to view emails in a service such as [smtp4dev](https://github.com/rnwood/smtp4dev) locally (see [Using smtp4dev](#using-smtp4dev)), rather than just viewing emails in pod logs, update your `chart/local.yaml` to include email sending options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you'd like to test sending emails locally without requiring an external e-mail service, you can use the [smtp4dev](https://github.com/rnwood/smtp4dev) Docker image locally (see [Using smtp4dev](#using-smtp4dev)), rather than just viewing emails in pod logs, update your `chart/local.yaml` to include email sending options:
```

docker run --rm -it -p 5000:80 -p 2525:25 rnwood/smtp4dev
```

> After a few seconds, you can then open [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

Reviewer: I think maybe this line should be above with running the dev server? Was able to run and send email without launching a local smtp4dev, but it is needed for testing emails from Browsertrix.

Author: Oh this was meant to be 5000, the port that smtp4dev is running on from the previous docker line, whoops! Fixed in b95d053
